### Cube Viewer
The new cube viewer supports both native and MDX views. A **native view** is the name of the standard view you have been used to using in TM1 for many years.  These views do not support the new multiple hierarchies and are essentially deprecated. Arc supports reading **native views** but you **cannot** save a native view. 

**MDX views** were added to TM1 to support multiple hierarchies, these views contain a single MDX statement. The **Arc** cube viewer is based on MDX, each time you drag/drop a hierarchy or select a set of elements the MDX is updated and executed against the TM1 model. 

You can save MDX views with **Arc**, these views can be used in the newer TM1 interfaces such as PAX and PAW.

> When saving a MDX view **Arc** also saves the "view definition" as part of the view. If the MDX is updated outside of **Arc** (or **Canvas**)  you will need to update edit the MDX manually. Clear the MDX statement to revert to the drag/drop interface. We have plans to add an MDX parser to **Arc** in the future to handle this scenario.

### Subset Editor
Like the **cube viewer**, the **Arc** **subset editor** is built to generate MDX set expressions. Most of the functionality should be familiar to what you have experienced in **Architect** or **Perspectives**: all elements, filtering, ordering, etc. There is no **Record Expression** option as the **Arc** subset editor is _always_ recording the MDX expression. You can edit the MDX expression manually.

> The **Arc** subset editor tests the MDX expressions by executing a query against the }ElementAttributes cube of the dimension. This means that any dimension that you want to use the **subset editor** against must have at least on attribute. **Arc** will prompt you to create one if it doesn't exist. 

### Enhancements
* Cube viewer
* Subset editor
* Add a warning when TM1 10.2.2 is being used
* Allows snippets and syntax files to be overwritten locally to change naming conventions: #62

### Fixes
* Set the correct position property when adding variables to a TI process with a cube view as the source: #30
* Fix the highlighting of dimension names when concatenation is used in cube rules: #55
* Add a limit to the number of cells returned from a cube view when previewing in TI: #57
* Refresh cloned hierarchy after cloning: #58
* Include variables in list that preceded with whitespace: #64
* Close the process after saving a changed process: #65

Details of issues fixed in this release: https://github.com/cubewise-code/arc-issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3A0.9.5

### Download
https://code.cubewise.com/arc-download

### Issues
If you find an issue in Arc please create a issues on our Github page (https://github.com/cubewise-code/arc-issues/issues) with the following details:

* Version of Arc (get this from the Arc About/Info page)
* Version of TM1 (get this from the Arc Configuration page under Administration)
* Browser and version
* Step by step details of how to replicate the issue
* Provide as many screenshots as possible.
