### HTTPS/SSL Support
HTTPS/SSL support has been added to **Arc** so you can run the server with the added security of end-to-end encryption. There are three new parameters in the **Arc** settings to configure SSL: **usessl**, **sslhostname** and **useletsencrypt**. A full description of these can be found in the **settings.sample.yml** file.

> By default with **usessl** set to _true_ **Arc** will generate self-signed SSL certificates, when using this setting you will receive a warning in your browser. It is safe to ignore this warning but it is **recommended** that you generate your own certificates using a valid certificate authority. 

### SSL and Let's Encrypt
**Arc** supports the **Let's Encrypt** service for generating valid SSL certificates that are free of charge. This option can only be used if you are using a publicly accessible URL for the **Arc** server. This means it must be on the _internet_ not the _intranet_ as the Let's Encrypt service must be able to contact your site to validate the ownership of your domain name.

### Enhancements
* Added support for running the Arc server using SSL. It supports self-signed certificates, custom certificates and Let's Encrypt.
* You can now override the snippet and function files used in the auto-complete list: https://github.com/cubewise-code/arc-issues/issues/62

### Fixes
A full list of fixes are here: https://github.com/cubewise-code/arc-issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3A0.9.7

### Download
https://code.cubewise.com/arc-download

### Issues
If you find an issue in Arc please create a issues on our Github page (https://github.com/cubewise-code/arc-issues/issues) with the following details:

* Version of Arc (get this from the Arc About/Info page)
* Version of TM1 (get this from the Arc Configuration page under Administration)
* Browser and version
* Step by step details of how to replicate the issue
* Provide as many screenshots as possible.
